ads improvement
1.25x speed

banner on top-headline

my daughter made $400k in parc clementis

my daughter help me make money

i am buying a property for my daughter, am i considering for Thomson reserve

if you buying a property for your kids-

how i buy property with my daughter


Deck improvements
case study-headline on top

-mid way-drop the link and qR code earlier-before stacking

drop 10 hours

qR code- calendar link at the bottom of the frame
-remove bonuses

-------
controvosial Thomson reserve video
-1 entrance-walk super far- 1 in and 1 out.
-2 side gates at each far end.
-west facing units
-9/10 stacks per block
-how many lifts-3 per block
-morning and return home mad jam
-no possible way of road expansion in future
-mrt to further blocks is almost non existence
-facilities far away
-Thomson plaza but have you seen the weekend traffic to drive into the carpark-you can walk back but carry bags of grocery and walk?
-




-----
Feedback for THOMSON_LAYOUTS_PART1_v1.mp4:

OVERALL:
1. sub titles not aligned to center of screen.

2. top left text beside logo is too AI generated, no need to have those text-remove. keep the logo only.

3. missing captions for call out text we want to emphanize.

4. we can enlarge pip speaker profile if the space allow for each scene.

5.

SUBTITLE FIXES (text = the correct subtitle):
1:44 - sin ming side
2:31 - 2 seater sofa

DISPLAY / DATA (charts, graphs, tables, maps, diagrams):
0:06 - bar chart can be bigger-theres alot of empty space
0:33 - price matrix table can be bigger- alot of empty space
1:05 - where are all the CTA, subscribe buttons, QR code image whatsapp to show message (Thomson Reserve)
1:13 - so much empty space-can do more animation how the date should be displayed. /  / Replace with image. [asset: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cXXyiW_IrvhOQ62oINlTpE4EtyAXR33H/view?usp=drive_link]
1:32 - remove the compass cause its showing the wrong direction
1:39 - shape highlight block 5& 7 cannot be seen, use bold colour to highlight. same goes for other blocks. use a more contrast colour shape. and they should be remove once explained and sync with speaker content.
2:01 - layout size can be bigger to see better. can remove as much white space from the image that are redudent.

OTHER NOTES:
0:16 - show full screen speaker profile
0:40 - show full screen speaker profile
1:39 - site plan image can be enlarged bigger
1:46 - there are no colour highlights when we talk about blk 1, 3, 9, 11 like how you do for block 5 & 7. highlight them too as it synced with speaker content.
